WIN_ROOM: 15
WIN_ITEM: burger
WIN_ITEM: fries
WIN_ITEM: bottle
WIN_TEXT: Joiner arrives, scarfs down the lunch, and pats you on your head, smiling. You win!
ROOM: Outside Marksbury
You are standing outside the Marksbury building at the east entrance. A glass doorway leads north inside the building, while the sidewalk leads east toward a parking lot.
ROOM_ITEM: true cell phone
Its your cell phone. There is a text from Joiner: GET ME SOME LUNCH! BURGER, FRIES, AND SOMETHING TO DRINK. DROP IT OFF IN MY OFFICE.
ROOM_ITEM: false flowers
Yellow buttercups are growing along the sidewalk, heralding the arrival of spring.
EXIT: 9 north
EXIT: 1 east
ROOM: small street
You are standing in a small street between the Marksbury building to the west and a parking lot to the east.
EXIT: 0 west
EXIT: 2 east
ROOM: parking lot
You are in a parking lot, with no spots available as usual. You see the Marksbury building further west, a small strip mall to the east, and Wildcat Lodge to the south.
ROOM_ITEM: false Wildcat Lodge
It is a small dorm for the royalty of UK, rumored to have gold toilet seats. There are no obvious entrances here.
EXIT: 1 west
EXIT: 3 east
ROOM: outside a strip mall
You are outside a strip mall with entrances to a few small shops. There is an entrance to one shop to the north, a parking lot to the west and the strip mall continues further east.
ROOM_ITEM: false shop
The sign says "Coliseum Liquors". You probably are too young to enter.
EXIT: 6 north
EXIT: 4 east
EXIT: 2 west
ROOM: outside a strip mall
You are outside a strip mall where the heavenly aroma of coffee and chocolate fills the air. There is an entrance to one shop to the north, while the strip mall continues east and west.
ROOM_ITEM: false shop
The sign says "Coffea", and the smells wafting out the door entice you to enter.
EXIT: 7 north
EXIT: 5 east
EXIT: 3 west
ROOM: outside a strip mall
You are at the end of a strip mall, outside the last shop. There is an entrance to the shop to the north, while the strip mall continues to the west.
ROOM_ITEM: false shop
The sign says Burger Fi. Maybe they have some deals on some grub today.
EXIT: 8 north
EXIT: 4 west
ROOM: Colesium Liquor
You are inside a liquor store. While most of the shelves are full of Devil Water, there are a few other things for sale here too.
ROOM_ITEM: true bottle
It's a bottle of gin. Who would want to drink fermented juniper berries? YUCK!
EXIT: 3 south
ROOM: Coffea
There are small tables and comfortable couches scattered around a coffee bar full of delightful drinks.
ROOM_ITEM: true cup
It is a delicious Iced Mocha.
EXIT: 4 south
ROOM: Burger Fi
There are tables and chairs for eating, and a bar to order food. You've heard they have a good Tuesday Special.
ROOM_ITEM: true burger
It is a big, juicy cheese burger with extra mustard.
ROOM_ITEM: true fries
It is a generous order of greasy fries, smothered in ketchup.
EXIT: 5 south
ROOM: stairwell
You are inside the entrance to Marksbury. A glass door leads out of the building to the south, while steps lead up to the second floor.
EXIT: 0 south
EXIT: 10 up
ROOM: stairwell
You are in the stairwell on the second floor. Steps lead down to the first floor while a long hallway extends west.
EXIT: 11 west
EXIT: 9 down
ROOM: hallway
You are in a long hallway with a glass wall overlooking a beautiful parking lot to the south, and large windows into a research area to the north.
EXIT: 10 east
EXIT: 12 west
ROOM: hallway
You are in a long hallway with a glass wall overlooking a beautiful parking lot to the south, and large windows into a research area to the north.
ROOM_ITEM: false grad student
There is a tall, gangly, bearded grad student behind the window to the north. He is engrossed with his game, er, work, and doesn't notice you.
EXIT: 11 east
EXIT: 13 west
ROOM: hallway
The hallway turns here, leading north toward some offices and east along a glass wall overlooking a parking lot.
EXIT: 14 north
EXIT: 12 east
ROOM: hallway
You are in an inner hallway with no windows. There are doors to three offices along the west wall. The third door is open and has a plaque next to it.
ROOM_ITEM: false plaque
It reads: "Kevin Joiner, Sith Lord" 
EXIT: 13 south
EXIT: 15 west
ROOM: Joiner's office
It is a bare office with little decoration, but papers scattered everywhere. A pack rat must live here. There is a note on the desk.
ROOM_ITEM: true note
Just drop my lunch here and I'll come get it.
EXIT: 14 east
END: